# Leveraging PDF  Documents in a Langchain Pipeline with OPEN AI API

## Overview
This application integrates various components from the [langchain](file:///Users/ck/fugazi_tech/rag_projects/gpt_banker/app.py#3%2C6-3%2C6) library to create a Streamlit web app that allows users to interact with a GPT model for processing banking annual reports. It uses OpenAI's GPT model for generating responses to user prompts and leverages vector storage for document similarity search.

## Features
- **GPT Model Interaction**: Users can input prompts to receive responses generated by the GPT model.
- **Document Processing**: The app loads a banking annual report from a PDF file, splits it into pages, and processes it for similarity searches.
- **Similarity Search**: Users can perform document similarity searches within the processed annual report.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/canberk17/gpt_banker.git
```

2. Install the required packages:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Set up your `.env` file with your OpenAI API key:
```plaintext
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
```

## Usage

To run the app, execute the following command in your terminal:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

Navigate to the provided URL to interact with the application.

## Environment Variables

Ensure you have the following environment variable set in your `.env` file:

- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: Your OpenAI API key for accessing GPT models.

## Dependencies

- `streamlit`: For creating the web app interface.
- `langchain`: For leveraging LLMs, document loaders, embeddings, and vector stores.
- `python-dotenv`: For loading environment variables from a `.env` file.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your proposed changes.
